Python Basic Questions:

            What are the key features of Python, and how do they make it a useful programming language?
            How does Python compare to other programming languages, such as Java or C++?
            What is the purpose of Python, and what kinds of tasks is it best suited for?
            What is the Python standard library, and what kinds of modules does it contain?
            What are some popular Python frameworks and libraries, and how are they used?
            What is the role of Python in the field of data science, and how is it used for data analysis and machine learning?
            What are some common coding challenges that Python developers face, and how do you approach solving them?
            How do you optimize Python code for performance, and what techniques do you use to identify bottlenecks?
            What is the process of debugging Python code, and what tools are available to help with this?
            How do you ensure the quality and reliability of Python code, and what kinds of testing frameworks and methodologies are commonly used?
            What is the difference between Python 2 and Python 3, and which version do you prefer to use?
            How do you manage dependencies and package versions in Python projects, and what tools do you use for this?
            What is the GIL (Global Interpreter Lock) in Python, and how does it affect performance and concurrency?
            How do you approach optimizing and scaling Python applications, and what tools and techniques do you use for this?
            What are some common design patterns and best practices for Python development, and how do you apply them in your projects?
            How do you approach debugging and troubleshooting Python applications, and what tools and techniques do you use for this?
            What is the role of Python in web development, and what frameworks and tools are commonly used for building web applications?
            How do you approach testing and quality assurance in Python projects, and what frameworks and methodologies are commonly used?
            What is the future of Python, and how do you see the language evolving over the next few years?

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python Variables & Operators Questions:
            Create two variables, x and y, and assign them the values 5 and 7, respectively. 
            Calculate the sum of x and y and store it in a new variable called z.
            What is the difference between a variable and a constant in Python? Provide an example of each.
            Create a variable called my_string and assign it the value "Hello, world!". Use indexing to print the first character of the string.
            What is dynamic typing in Python? Explain with an example.
            What is the difference between the '==' operator and the 'is' operator in Python? Explain with an example.
            What is the 'not' operator in Python? Provide an example.
            What is the difference between a variable and a constant in Python? Provide an example of each.
            What is dynamic typing in Python? Explain with an example.
            Write a Python program to find the area of a rectangle using variables. Assume the length and width of the rectangle are 4 and 5, respectively.
            Create a variable called my_float and assign it the value 3.14159. Print the variable and its data type.
            Write a Python program that calculates the sum of two numbers using variables. Assume the numbers are 10 and 20, respectively.
            Write a Python program that calculates the average of three numbers using variables. Assume the numbers are 10, 20, and 30, respectively.
            What is the modulus operator in Python? Provide an example.
            What is the identity operator in Python? Explain with an example.
            Write a Python program that swaps the values of two variables using variables. Assume the variables are x=5 and y=10.
            What is the difference between the 'and' operator and the 'or' operator in Python? Explain with an example.
            What is the 'not' operator in Python? Provide an example.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Python Input & Strings Questions:
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter their name and age, and then prints out a message that says "Hello, [name]! You are [age] years old."
            Write a Python program that calculates the area of a rectangle. The program should ask the user to enter the length and width of the rectangle, and then print out the area.
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a string, and then prints out the length of the string.
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter two numbers, and then prints out whether the first number is greater than, less than, or equal to the second number.
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a string, and then prints out the string in reverse order.
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a number, and then prints out whether the number is even or odd.
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a temperature in Fahrenheit, and then converts it to Celsius. The formula for converting Fahrenheit to Celsius is (F - 32) * 5/9.
            Write a Python program that calculates the average of three numbers. The program should ask the user to enter three numbers, and then print out their average.
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a string, and then checks if the string contains the letter "e". If the string contains "e", print out a message that says "The string contains the letter e." If the string does not contain "e", print out a message that says "The string does not contain the letter e."
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a password. If the password contains less than 8 characters, print out a message that says "Password too short." If the password contains 8 or more characters, print out a message that says "Password accepted."
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a number between 1 and 10. If the user enters a number outside of this range, print out a message that says "Invalid input." If the user enters a number within this range, print out a message that says "Valid input."
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a sentence, and then counts the number of words in the sentence.
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a string, and then prints out the string with all the vowels replaced by the letter "x".
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a number, and then checks if the number is a multiple of 3. If the number is a multiple of 3, print out a message that says "The number is a multiple of 3." If the number is not a multiple of 3, print out a message that says "The number is not a multiple of 3."
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a string, and then checks if the string starts with the letter "a". If the string starts with "a", print out a message that says "The string starts with the letter a." If the string does not start with "a", print out a message that says "The string does not start with the letter a."
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a number between 1 and 100. If the number is a multiple of both 3 and 5, print out a message that says "FizzBuzz". If the number is a multiple of only 3, print out a message that says "Fizz". If the number is a multiple of only 5, print out a message that says "Buzz". If the number is not a multiple of 3 or 5, print out the number itself.
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a string, and then checks if the string is a palindrome (i.e. the same forwards and backwards) without using any built-in string methods.
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a password. If the password is "password123", print out a message that says "Access granted." If the password is anything else, print out a message that says "Access denied."
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a number, and then prints out whether the number is positive, negative, or zero.
            Write a Python program that asks the user to enter a string, and then prints out whether the string is a palindrome (i.e. the same forwards and backwards).

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python Lists Questions:

            What is a list in Python and how is it different from other data structures?
            How do you create an empty list in Python?
            How do you add elements to a list in Python?
            Can a list contain elements of different data types in Python?
            How do you access elements from a list in Python using indexing?
            What is the difference between positive and negative indexing in Python lists?
            How do you update or modify an element in a list in Python?
            How do you remove elements from a list in Python?
            How can you check if a specific element exists in a list in Python?
            What is the difference between the append() and extend() methods in Python lists?
            How do you find the length of a list in Python?
            Can you have nested lists in Python? If yes, how do you access elements from nested lists?
            How do you iterate over elements in a list using a for loop in Python?
            What is list slicing in Python? How does it work?
            Can you sort a list in Python? If yes, how can you accomplish it?
            What is the difference between the sort() and sorted() functions/methods in Python?
            How do you reverse the order of elements in a list in Python?
            How can you count the occurrences of a specific element in a list?
            How do you clear or empty a list in Python?
            Can you create a list of lists in Python? If yes, how can you access elements from nested lists within the main list?

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python Tuple questions:
            What is a tuple in Python and how is it different from a list?
            How do you create an empty tuple in Python?
            Can you modify or update elements in a tuple in Python?
            How do you access elements from a tuple in Python using indexing?
            What is the difference between positive and negative indexing in Python tuples?
            Can a tuple contain elements of different data types in Python?
            How do you unpack elements from a tuple into separate variables in Python?
            Can you add or remove elements from a tuple in Python? If not, why?
            How do you concatenate or combine two tuples in Python?
            How can you find the length of a tuple in Python?
            Can you sort a tuple in Python? If yes, how can you accomplish it?
            How do you convert a tuple into a list in Python?
            How do you convert a list into a tuple in Python?
            Can you create a tuple of tuples in Python? If yes, how can you access elements from nested tuples within the main tuple?
            How do you iterate over elements in a tuple using a for loop in Python?
            Can a tuple be used as a key in a dictionary in Python? If yes, why?
            How do you check if a specific element exists in a tuple in Python?
            What is the difference between a tuple and a named tuple in Python?
            How do you count the occurrences of a specific element in a tuple?
            What are some use cases or advantages of using tuples in Python over other data structures?

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python Sets questions:
            What is a set in Python and what are its key characteristics?
            How do you create an empty set in Python?
            Can a set contain duplicate elements in Python?
            How do you create a set with initial elements in Python?
            How do you add elements to a set in Python?
            How do you remove elements from a set in Python?
            Can you access elements from a set using indexing in Python? Why or why not?
            How do you find the length of a set in Python?
            Can you perform mathematical operations like union, intersection, and difference on sets in Python? If yes, how?
            How do you check if an element exists in a set in Python?
            What is the difference between a set and a frozenset in Python?
            How do you iterate over elements in a set using a for loop in Python?
            Can a set contain elements of different data types in Python?
            How do you check if two sets are equal in Python?
            How do you check if one set is a subset or superset of another set in Python?
            How do you create a shallow copy or clone of a set in Python?
            How do you clear or empty a set in Python?
            Can you sort a set in Python? If not, why?
            How do you convert a set into a list or tuple in Python?
            What are some common use cases or advantages of using sets in Python?

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python dictionary questions:
            What is a dictionary in Python and what are its key characteristics?
            How do you create an empty dictionary in Python?
            How do you create a dictionary with initial key-value pairs in Python?
            Can a dictionary contain duplicate keys in Python?
            How do you access values from a dictionary using keys in Python?
            How do you add or update key-value pairs in a dictionary in Python?
            How do you remove key-value pairs from a dictionary in Python?
            Can you access elements from a dictionary using indexing in Python? Why or why not?
            How do you find the number of key-value pairs in a dictionary in Python?
            How do you iterate over keys, values, and key-value pairs in a dictionary in Python?
            How do you check if a specific key exists in a dictionary in Python?
            Can a dictionary have values of different data types in Python?
            How do you retrieve a list of all keys or values from a dictionary in Python?
            Can you sort a dictionary in Python? If not, why?
            How do you merge or combine two dictionaries in Python?
            How do you create a shallow copy or clone of a dictionary in Python?
            Can a dictionary have nested dictionaries as values in Python? If yes, how do you access elements from nested dictionaries?
            How do you clear or empty a dictionary in Python?
            How do you convert a dictionary into a list or tuple in Python?
            What are some common use cases or advantages of using dictionaries in Python?

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python Conditional Statements Questions

          1. Get user input using input(“Enter your age: ”). If user is 18 or older, give feedback: You are old enough to drive. If below 18 give feedback to wait for the missing amount of years. Output:
                example:
                    Enter your age: 30

                    You are old enough to learn to drive.

                    Output:

                    Enter your age: 15

                    You need 3 more years to learn to drive.

            2. Compare the values of my_age and your_age using if … else. Who is older (me or you)? Use input(“Enter your age: ”) to get the age as input. You can use a nested condition to print 'year' for 1 year difference in age, 'years' for bigger differences, and a custom text if my_age = your_age. Output:
                example:

                    Enter your age: 30

                    You are 5 years older than me.

            3. Get two numbers from the user using input prompt. If a is greater than b return a is greater than b, if a is less b return a is smaller than b, else a is equal to b. Output:
                example:
                    Enter number one: 4

                    Enter number two: 3

                    4 is greater than 3

            4. Write a code which gives grade to students according to theirs scores:
                example:
                    80-100, A

                    70-89, B

                    60-69, C

                    50-59, D

                    0-49, F

            5. Check if the season is Autumn, Winter, Spring or Summer. If the user input is: September, October or November, the season is Autumn. December, January or February, the season is Winter. March, April or May, the season is Spring June, July or August, the season is Summer


            6. The following list contains some fruits:
                example:
                    fruits = ['banana', 'orange', 'mango', 'lemon']

                    If a fruit doesn't exist in the list add the fruit to the list and print the modified list. If the fruit exists print('That fruit already exist in the list')

            7. Here we have a person dictionary. Feel free to modify it!
                    person={

                    'first_name': 'Asabeneh',

                    'last_name': 'Yetayeh',

                    'age': 250,

                    'country': 'Finland',

                    'is_marred': True,

                    'skills': ['JavaScript', 'React', 'Node', 'MongoDB', 'Python'],

                    'address': {

                    'street': 'Space street',

                    'zipcode': '02210'
                    }
                    }
                * Check if the person dictionary has skills key, if so print out the middle skill in the skills list.

                * Check if the person dictionary has skills key, if so check if the person has 'Python' skill and print out the result.

                * If a person skills has only JavaScript and React, print('He is a front end developer'), if the person skills has Node, Python, MongoDB, print('He is a backend developer'), if the person skills has React, Node and MongoDB, Print('He is a fullstack developer'), else print('unknown title') - for more accurate results more conditions can be nested!

                * If the person is married and if he lives in Finland, print the information in the following format:

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python Control Statements Questions:

            Iterate 0 to 10 using for loop, do the same using while loop.

            Iterate 10 to 0 using for loop, do the same using while loop.

            Write a loop that makes seven calls to print(), so we get on the output the following triangle:
                #

                ##

                ###

                ####

                #####

                ######

                #######
            
            Use nested loops to create the following:
                # # # # # # # #

                # # # # # # # #

                # # # # # # # #

                # # # # # # # #

                # # # # # # # #

                # # # # # # # #

                # # # # # # # #

                # # # # # # # #

            Print the following pattern:
                0 x 0 = 0

                1 x 1 = 1

                2 x 2 = 4

                3 x 3 = 9

                4 x 4 = 16

                5 x 5 = 25

                6 x 6 = 36

                7 x 7 = 49

                8 x 8 = 64

                9 x 9 = 81

                10 x 10= 100

            Iterate through the list, ['Python', 'Numpy','Pandas','Django', 'Flask'] using a for loop and print out the items.

            Use for loop to iterate from 0 to 100 and print only even numbers
            
            Use for loop to iterate from 0 to 100 and print only odd numbers

            Use for loop to iterate from 0 to 100 and print the sum of all numbers.
                output: The sum of all numbers is 5050.

            Use for loop to iterate from 0 to 100 and print the sum of all evens and the sum of all odds.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python Function Problems:
        Problem: Write a Python function called calculate_average that takes a list of numbers as input and returns their average.

        Problem: Write a Python function called find_largest that takes a list of numbers as input and returns the largest number in the list.

        Problem: Write a Python function called reverse_string that takes a string as input and returns the reverse of the string.

        Problem: Write a Python function called count_vowels that takes a string as input and returns the count of vowels (a, e, i, o, u) in the string.

        Problem: Write a Python function called is_prime that takes an integer as input and returns True if it is a prime number, False otherwise.

        Problem: Write a Python function called remove_duplicates that takes a list as input and returns a new list with duplicates removed.

        Problem: Write a Python function called factorial that takes a positive integer as input and returns its factorial.

        Problem: Write a Python function called is_palindrome that takes a string as input and returns True if it is a palindrome (reads the same forwards and backwards), False otherwise.

        Problem: Write a Python function called find_common_elements that takes two lists as input and returns a new list containing the common elements between the two lists.

        Problem: Write a Python function called binary_search that takes a sorted list and a target value as input and returns the index of the target value in the list, or -1 if it is not found.

        Problem: Write a Python function called capitalize_words that takes a sentence as input and returns the sentence with the first letter of each word capitalized.

        Problem: Write a Python function called find_missing_number that takes a list of consecutive numbers (with one number missing) as input and returns the missing number.

        Problem: Write a Python function called find_longest_word that takes a sentence as input and returns the longest word in the sentence.

        Problem: Write a Python function called is_anagram that takes two strings as input and returns True if they are anagrams (contain the same characters in a different order), False otherwise.

        Problem: Write a Python function called merge_sorted_lists that takes two sorted lists as input and returns a new list that merges the two lists while maintaining the sorted order.

        Problem: Write a Python function called calculate_average that takes a list of numbers as input and returns their average.

        Problem: Write a Python function called find_largest that takes a list of numbers as input and returns the largest number in the list.

        Problem: Write a Python function called reverse_string that takes a string as input and returns the reverse of the string.

        Problem: Write a Python function called count_vowels that takes a string as input and returns the count of vowels (a, e, i, o, u) in the string.

        Problem: Write a Python function called is_prime that takes an integer as input and returns True if it is a prime number, False otherwise.

        Problem: Write a Python function called remove_duplicates that takes a list as input and returns a new list with duplicates removed.

        Problem: Write a Python function called factorial that takes a positive integer as input and returns its factorial.

        Problem: Write a Python function called is_palindrome that takes a string as input and returns True if it is a palindrome (reads the same forwards and backwards), False otherwise.

        Problem: Write a Python function called find_common_elements that takes two lists as input and returns a new list containing the common elements between the two lists.

        Problem: Write a Python function called binary_search that takes a sorted list and a target value as input and returns the index of the target value in the list, or -1 if it is not found.

        Problem: Write a Python function called capitalize_words that takes a sentence as input and returns the sentence with the first letter of each word capitalized.

        Problem: Write a Python function called find_missing_number that takes a list of consecutive numbers (with one number missing) as input and returns the missing number.

        Problem: Write a Python function called find_longest_word that takes a sentence as input and returns the longest word in the sentence.

        Problem: Write a Python function called is_anagram that takes two strings as input and returns True if they are anagrams (contain the same characters in a different order), False otherwise.

        Problem: Write a Python function called merge_sorted_lists that takes two sorted lists as input and returns a new list that merges the two lists while maintaining the sorted order.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python OOPS questions:
        Question: Create a class called Rectangle with attributes length and width. Implement methods to calculate the area and perimeter of the rectangle.

        Question: Create a class called Circle with attribute radius. Implement methods to calculate the area and circumference of the circle.

        Question: Create a class called Employee with attributes name, age, and salary. Implement a method called increase_salary that takes a percentage increase as input and updates the employee's salary accordingly.

        Question: Create a class called BankAccount with attributes account_number, holder_name, and balance. Implement methods to deposit and withdraw funds from the account.

        Question: Create a class called Car with attributes  model, and year. Implement a method called start_engine that prints a message indicating the car has started.

        Question: Create a class called Student with attributes name, age, and grades (a list of integers). Implement methods to calculate the average grade and determine if the student has passed (average grade >= 60).

        Question: Create a class called Book with attributes title, author, and year. Implement a method called get_age that returns the age of the book (current year - publication year).

        Question: Create a class called Shape with an abstract method called calculate_area. Create two subclasses Rectangle and Triangle that inherit from Shape and implement the calculate_area method accordingly.

        Question: Create a class called Person with attributes name and address. Create a subclass Student that inherits from Person and adds an attribute student_id. Implement a method in the Student class to display student information.

        Question: Create a class called Bank with a dictionary attribute accounts, where the keys are account numbers and the values are instances of a BankAccount class. Implement methods to add accounts, retrieve account information, and perform transactions like deposit and withdrawal.
                

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Python  inheritance, polymorphism, and encapsulation
	
        Question: Create a class called Shape with attributes color and filled. Implement subclasses Circle and Rectangle that inherit from Shape. Override the calculate_area method in each subclass to calculate the area of the respective shape. Demonstrate polymorphism by creating instances of both subclasses and calling the calculate_area method.

        Question: Create a class called Animal with a method called make_sound. Implement subclasses Dog and Cat that inherit from Animal. Override the make_sound method in each subclass to produce the appropriate sound for the animal. Demonstrate polymorphism by creating instances of both subclasses and calling the make_sound method.

        Question: Create a class called Person with attributes name and age. Implement a subclass called Employee that inherits from Person and adds an attribute employee_id. Demonstrate encapsulation by making the name and age attributes private and providing getter and setter methods to access and modify them.

        Question: Create a class called BankAccount with attributes account_number and balance. Implement subclasses CheckingAccount and SavingsAccount that inherit from BankAccount. Add specific methods for each subclass, such as withdraw and deposit. Demonstrate inheritance by creating instances of both subclasses and calling their specific methods.

        Question: Create a class called Vehicle with attributes make and model. Implement a subclass called Car that inherits from Vehicle and adds an attribute num_doors. Implement a subclass called Motorcycle that inherits from Vehicle and adds an attribute top_speed. Demonstrate inheritance by creating instances of both subclasses and accessing their attributes.

        Question: Create a class called Shape with an abstract method called calculate_area. Implement subclasses Circle and Rectangle that inherit from Shape and implement the calculate_area method accordingly. Demonstrate polymorphism by creating instances of both subclasses and calling the calculate_area method.

        Question: Create a class called Employee with attributes name, age, and salary. Implement a subclass called Manager that inherits from Employee and adds an attribute department. Demonstrate encapsulation by making the salary attribute protected and providing a method to access it within the Manager class.

        Question: Create a class called Animal with a method called make_sound. Implement subclasses Dog, Cat, and Bird that inherit from Animal. Override the make_sound method in each subclass to produce the appropriate sound for the animal. Demonstrate polymorphism by creating a list of animal objects and calling the make_sound method for each object.

        Question: Create a class called BankAccount with attributes account_number and balance. Implement methods to deposit and withdraw funds from the account. Add a class variable called total_accounts to keep track of the total number of bank accounts created.

        Question: Create a class called Shape with an abstract method called calculate_area. Implement subclasses Rectangle, Triangle, and Circle that inherit from Shape and implement the calculate_area method accordingly. Create a list of different shapes and calculate their respective areas using polymorphism.

        Question: Create a class called Vehicle with attributes make and model. Implement a method called start_engine that prints a message indicating the vehicle has started. Implement subclasses Car and Motorcycle that inherit from Vehicle and override the start_engine method to provide vehicle-specific messages.

        Question: Create a class called Library with a dictionary attribute books, where the keys are book titles and the values are instances of a Book class. Implement methods to add books, retrieve book information, and search for books by title or author.

        Question: Create a class called Student with attributes name, age, and grades (a list of integers). Implement a method called calculate_average_grade to calculate the average grade of the student. Add a class method called from_csv that creates a new Student instance from a CSV file containing student information.

        Question: Create a class called Shape with attributes color and filled. Implement subclasses Rectangle and Circle that inherit from Shape and override the __str__ method to provide a string representation of each shape, including its color and whether it is filled.

        Question: Create a class called Playlist with attributes name and songs (a list of song titles). Implement methods to add songs to the playlist, remove songs from the playlist, and shuffle the order of the songs.

        Question: Create a class called Bank with attributes name and branches (a list of branch names). Implement a method to add a new branch to the bank. Implement a subclass called OnlineBank that inherits from Bank and adds an attribute website to represent the bank's online platform.

        Question: Create a class called Email with attributes sender, recipients (a list of email addresses), and message. Implement a method to send the email to all recipients.

        Question: Create a class called ChessPiece with an abstract method called move. Implement subclasses Pawn, Rook, Knight, Bishop, Queen, and King that inherit from ChessPiece and provide specific implementations of the move method for each piece.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Easy Questions:

        Write a Python program to swap two variables without using a temporary variable.
        Write a program to check if a given number is even or odd.
        Write a Python program to find the maximum of three numbers.
        Write a program to calculate the factorial of a number using a loop.
        Write a Python program to check if a given year is a leap year.
        Write a program to calculate the sum of all even numbers between 1 and 100.
        Write a Python program to convert a temperature in Celsius to Fahrenheit.
        Write a program to print the multiplication table of a given number.
        Write a Python program to find the length of a string without using the len() function.
        Write a program to check if a given string is a palindrome.

Medium Questions:

        Write a Python program to count the number of vowels in a given string.
        Write a program to find the second-largest number in a list of integers.
        Write a Python program to find the prime numbers between 1 and 100.
        Write a program to find the sum of all elements in a list.
        Write a Python program to find the factorial of a number using recursion.
        Write a program to remove duplicates from a list.
        Write a Python program to reverse a string.
        Write a program to check if a given number is a perfect number.
        Write a Python program to find the largest and smallest elements in a list.
        Write a program to generate the Fibonacci sequence up to a given number.

Hard Questions:

        Write a Python program to sort a list of strings based on the length of each string.
        Write a program to check if a given number is a prime number.
        Write a Python program to find the GCD (Greatest Common Divisor) of two numbers.
        Write a program to reverse a number and check if it is a palindrome.
        Write a Python program to check if a given string is an anagram of another string.
       

Tricky Questions

        Write a Python program to swap the values of two variables without using arithmetic or assignment operators.
        Write a program to check if a string is a valid email address according to a specific format.
        Write a Python program to reverse a sentence without reversing the order of words.
        Write a program to find the median of a list of numbers without using the built-in median function.
        Write a Python program to find the longest consecutive sequence of characters in a string.
        Write a program to check if a given list is a subset of another list.
        Write a Python program to generate all possible permutations of a given list of numbers.
        Write a program to find the largest prime palindrome less than a given number.
        Write a Python program to calculate the square root of a number without using any built-in functions.
        Write a Python program to find the sum of the digits of a given number.
        Write a program to check if a given string is a valid palindrome ignoring non-alphanumeric characters.
        Write a Python program to check if a given number is a perfect square.
        Write a program to find the frequency of each element in a list.
